** Lead PHP Developer **

Join the most promising e-commerce start-up in the UK and help us to take our product data platform and automated integration services to the next level. We are looking for two developers (Lead and Junior) to complement our team of 2. We have the first version in place which allows us to trade, you’ll work on stabilising this current architecture, but most importantly, you’ll need to architect, design, prototype, and implement incrementally our second generation platform capable of integrating our key merchants in an efficient and effective manner.
 
The perfect opportunity to design & build your own platform and do it better this time, not repeating all the mistakes thrust upon you in your current job.
 
As the Lead PHP Developer you should be able to take charge from the get-go, design & articulate your vision to our Head of Development and the wider management team. You can deep-dive into coding, rapid prototyping to incrementally prove your design with real-life data. You should have 5+ years experience in PHP and are just burning to show that you can lead the design process and the technology.
 
As the Junior PHP Developer you are a super star coder eager to gain more responsibility and work on your own modules and services. No coding task is too challenging, you’ll crack through it by never giving up. You should have 2+ years experience in PHP.
 
You’ll join a super growth start-up (25 of us, 18 months old). Everyone at Flubit works in a fluid and ever-changing environment. We want you to be adaptable to this way of working too. The job comes with a big, fat options package! And don’t forget the satisfaction of instant feedback on your work – as you see our marketing team picking up on your work.
 
Technical Skills:
·     Solid PHP programming skills (Must have)
·     MySql (Must have)
·     Linux/Unix (Must have)
·     Code Ignitor or Symphony
·     Knowledge of design patterns (MVC, IoC, etc)
·     Knowledge of Phing and Composer.
 
Professional Skills:
·     Self-starter, with a keen interest in technology and highly motivated towards success
·     Must be proactive and be prepared to attend and present at meeting
·     Must show initiative and desire to learn business subjects
·     Able to work independently and provide updates to management
·     Excellent problem solving skills; proven teamwork and communication skills
·     Able to document workflow
